# Items to-do or consider

1. Set unhandled exception and validation filters (may require small middleware if Mvc-style UseExceptionHandler() and ConfigureApiBehaviorOptions.InvalidModelStateResponseFactory don't work in AzFx) to ensure consistent responses from API, and cut down on duplicating code in every function
2. Will actual CosmosClient methods *always* throw CosmosException if they fail, or do we need duplicate handling code for non-exception cases with non-2xx StatusCode?
3. Create mapping for specific CosmosClient return/exception status values? For ex., 404 should probably be passed on to the client but 400/401/403/5xx probably not since those values are between the API and Cosmos - API should probably just return 500 in these cases?
4. Possible to do top-level parameter validation in AzFx (like ApiController - for example put a \[RegularExpression\] attribute on a parameter and have it automatically validated)? Otherwise, relying on developer to remember to validate any non-strongly-typed parameters
5. If supporting PUT/PATCH, then "id" value should be part of Uri; does this mean it should be removed from model (or at least removed from *request* model)? Currently this value is both partition key and id.
6. Returning CosmosClient's returned Resource value directly to client means that (due to tolerant reader) Cosmos-specific fields are returned to client (i.e. _rid, _self, etc). Since this is an underlying infrastructure concern and not necessarily something clients should see (definitely not something they should **rely** on), should these be filtered out of API responses?